Add initial event feed support (#290)
fauna/fauna-js: README.md

    - [Iterate on a stream](#iterate-on-a-stream)
    - [Close a stream](#close-a-stream)
    - [Stream options](#stream-options)
  - [Event Feeds](#event-feeds)
    - [Request an Event Feed](#request-a-event-feed)
    - [Iterate on an Event Feed](#iterate-on-a-event-feed)
    - [Error handling](#error-handling)

>     - [Event Feed options](#event-feed-options)

Reviewer: Can we move this above the Event Streaming section? Bryan requested that we give Event feeds top billing.

To get an event source, append `eventSource()` or `eventsOn()` to a set from a
[supported Set](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#sets).

To get paginated events, pass the event source to `feed()`:

```javascript
const response = await client.query(fql`
  let set = Product.all()

  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),
    eventSource: set.eventSource()
  }
`);
const { initialPage, eventSource } = response.data;

const feed = client.feed(eventSource);
```

You can also pass a query that produces an event source directly to `feed()`:

```javascript
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;

const feed = client.feed(query);
```

### Iterate on a Event Feed

`feed()` returns a `FeedClient` instance that can act as an `AsyncIterator`. You can use `for await...of` to iterate through all the pages:

```ts
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;
const feed = client.feed(query);

for await (const page of feed) {
  console.log("Page stats", page.stats);

  for (event in page.events) {
    switch (event.type) {
      case "update":
      case "add":
      case "remove":

>         console.log("Event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Event: ", event);
```

        // ...
        break;
    }
  }
}
```

Alternatively, use `flatten()` to get paginated results as a single, flat array:

```ts
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;
const feed = client.feed(query);

for await (const event of feed.flatten()) {

>   console.log("Event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log("Event: ", event);
```

### Start a stream

> To get a stream token, append

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an event source, append
```

[`eventSource()`](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/reference/schema_entities/set/eventsource)
or
[`eventsOn()`](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/reference/schema_entities/set/eventson)
to a set from a [supported

> source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#sets).

Reviewer: GH won't let me leave a suggestion, but can we change this to:

```
to a [supported Set](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#sets).

> To start and subscribe to the stream, pass the stream token to `stream()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start and subscribe to the stream, pass the event source to `stream()`:
```

  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),

>     streamToken: set.eventSource()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    eventSource: set.eventSource()
```

We also need to update the below refs in this example.

> You can also pass a query that produces a stream token directly to `stream()`:

Reviewer: GH won't let me leave a suggestion, but this should be:
```
You can also pass a query that produces an event source directly to `stream()`:
```

  cursor: null,
};

client.stream(fql`Product.all().eventSource()`, options);
```

For supported properties, see
[StreamClientConfiguration](https://fauna.github.io/fauna-js/latest/types/StreamClientConfiguration.html)
in the API reference.

## Event Feeds

The driver supports [Event Feeds](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/cdc/#event-feeds).

### Request a Event Feed

> An Event Feed asynchronously polls an [event stream](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/cdc/#event-feeds),
> represented by a stream token, for events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Event Feed asynchronously polls an [event source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/cdc/#create-an-event-source) for events.
```

To get a stream token, append `eventSource()` or `eventsOn()` to a set from a
[supported source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#supported-sources).

> To get paginated events for the stream, pass the stream token to
> `feed()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get paginated events, pass the event source to `feed()`:
```

```javascript
const response = await client.query(fql`
  let set = Product.all()

  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),

>     streamToken: set.eventSource()
>   }
> `);
> const { initialPage, streamToken } = response.data;
> 
> const feed = client.feed(streamToken);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    eventSource: set.eventSource()
  }
`);
const { initialPage, eventSource } = response.data;

const feed = client.feed(eventSource);
```

```

> You can also pass a query that produces a stream token directly to `feed()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass a query that produces an event source directly to `feed()`:
```

```javascript
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;

const feed = client.feed(query);
```

> ### Iterate on a Event Feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Iterate on an Event Feed
```

`feed()` returns a `FeedClient` instance that can act as an `AsyncIterator`. You can use `for await...of` to iterate through all the pages:

```ts
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;
const feed = client.feed(query);

for await (const page of feed) {
  console.log("Page stats", page.stats);

  for (event in page.events) {
    switch (event.type) {
      case "update":
      case "add":
      case "remove":

>         console.log("Stream event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Event:", event);
```

        // ...
        break;
    }
  }
}
```

Alternatively, use `flatten()` to get paginated results as a single, flat array:

```ts
const query = fql`Product.all().eventsOn(.price, .stock)`;
const feed = client.feed(query);

for await (const event of feed.flatten()) {

>   console.log("Stream event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log("Event: ", event);
```

}
```

### Error handling

Exceptions can be raised at two different places:

1. While fetching a page
1. While iterating a page's events

This distinction allows for you to ignore errors originating from event processing.
For example:

```ts
const feed = client.feed(fql`
  Product.all().map(.details.toUpperCase()).eventSource()
`);

try {
  for await (const page of feed) {
    // Pages will stop at the first error encountered.
    // Therefore, its safe to handle an event failures
    // and then pull more pages.
    try {
      for (const event of page.events) {

>         console.log("Stream event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Event: ", event);
```

      }
    } catch (error: unknown) {

>       console.log("Stream event error:", error);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      console.log("Feed event error: ", error);
```

    }
  }
} catch (error: unknown) {

>   console.log("Non-retryable error:", error);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log("Non-retryable error: ", error);
```

  cursor: null,
};

client.stream(fql`Product.all().eventSource()`, options);
```

For supported properties, see
[StreamClientConfiguration](https://fauna.github.io/fauna-js/latest/types/StreamClientConfiguration.html)
in the API reference.

## Event Feeds

The driver supports [Event Feeds](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/cdc/#event-feeds).

> ### Request a Event Feed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Request an Event Feed
```

## Change Feeds (beta)

The driver supports [Change Feeds](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/track-changes/streaming/#change-feeds).

### Request a Change Feed

A Change Feed asynchronously polls an [event stream](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/streaming),
represented by a stream token, for events.

To get a stream token, append `toStream()` or `changesOn()` to a set from a
[supported source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#supported-sources).

To get paginated events for the stream, pass the stream token to
`changeFeed()`:

```javascript
const response = await client.query(fql`
  let set = Product.all()

  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),
    streamToken: set.toStream()
  }
`);
const { initialPage, streamToken } = response.data;

const changeFeed = client.changeFeed(streamToken);
```

You can also pass a query that produces a stream token directly to `changeFeed()`:

```javascript
const query = fql`Product.all().changesOn(.price, .stock)`;

const changeFeed = client.changeFeed(query);
```

### Iterate on a Change Feed

`changeFeed()` returns a `ChangeFeedClient` instance that can act as an `AsyncIterator`. You can

> use a `for await...of` to iterate through all the pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use `for await...of` to iterate through all the pages:
```
Or:

```
a `for await...of` loop ...
```

        // ...
        break;
    }
  }
}
```

Alternatively, use `flatten()` to get paginated results as a single, flat array:

```ts
const query = fql`Product.all().changesOn(.price, .stock)`;
const changeFeed = client.changeFeed(query);

for await (const event of changeFeed.flatten()) {
  console.log("Stream event:", event);
}
```

### Error handling

Exceptions can be raised at two different places:

1. While fetching a page
1. While iterating a page's events

This distinction allows for you to ignore errors originating from event processing.
For example:

```ts
const changeFeed = client.changeFeed(fql`
  Product.all().map(.details.toUpperCase()).toStream()
`);

try {
  for await (const page of changeFeed) {
    // Pages will stop at the first error encountered.
    // Therefore, its safe to handle an event failures
    // and then pull more pages.
    try {
      for (const event of page.events) {
        console.log("Stream event:", event);
      }
    } catch (error: unknown) {
      console.log("Stream event error:", error);
    }
  }
} catch (error: unknown) {
  console.log("Non-retryable error:", error);
}
```

### Change Feed options

> The client configuration sets the default options for `changeFeed()`. You can pass a ``ChangeFeedClientConfiguration` object to override these defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client configuration sets the default options for `changeFeed()`. You can pass a `ChangeFeedClientConfiguration` object to override these defaults:
```

```ts
const options: ChangeFeedClientConfiguration = {
  long_type: "number",
  max_attempts: 5,
  max_backoff: 1000,

>   secret: "YOUR_FAUNA_SECRET",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  secret: "FAUNA_SECRET",
```

      case "update":
      case "add":
      case "remove":

>         console.log("Event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Event: ", event);
```

      case "update":
      case "add":
      case "remove":

>         console.log("Event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Event: ", event);
```

let count = 0;
for await (const event of stream) {

>   console.log("Event:", event);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log("Event: ", event);
```
